[Music]
if you see clothes on your windshield
don't touch them
[Music]
every month if not every week we see
more and more scams coming out there
often advanced variations of some
long-running schemes but there's
sometimes new and pretty ingenious
in any case being aware of these tricks
will allow you to protect yourself and
your loved ones so that nobody Falls
victims to these criminals clothes on
your windshield people have recently
started to find some article of clothing
like a shirt for instance lying on their
windshield or wrapped up in their wipers
if you ever happen to be one of these
people don't fall into this trap and
don't try to remove the object just get
in your car and drive away as fast as
you can from the place you were parked
this seemingly misplaced garment is
actually a new con being used by muggers
and thieves it works like this if you
see some random piece of clothing that
prevents your wipers from moving or
obscures your view your first reaction
will be to remove it of course but while
you're distracted untying it or trying
to get it off the criminal has plenty of
time to jump you the most common place
for this sort of scam is parking garages
they usually badly lit and pretty
deserted which means there are a few
witnesses around and plenty of dark
spaces for the attacker to lie in wait
doorstep scam the bad guys involved in
this scheme like to target senior
citizens in fact about 85% of the
victims of doorstep scammers have been
65 and older nonetheless you should
still be careful whatever your age it
goes like this
somebody knocks on your door or rings
the bell and waits for you to answer you
open up and they introduce themselves
falsely of course they have all kinds of
identities too they might pretend to be
from your gas or electric company a
door-to-door proselytizer or someone
conducting a consumer survey the worst
con men are the ones that play on your
generosity they'll say that they're
collecting donations for some charity
and if you offer them clothing books or
toys instead of money they'll just sell
those items later or they'll tell you
stories about their
hard life to get into your home or con
you out of your money but in general
they just want to have a peek inside
your house scope out anything valuable
and come back later when you're not home
of course to break in and steal your
stuff that's why you should always be
alert when a stranger approaches your
door sure that could be a real trades
person or an official but you can never
be too cautious especially since most
scammers aren't only persuasive but also
friendly and polite pretend pregnancy
this scam by no means involves expecting
mothers the deceivers here are women
just pretending to be pregnant the thing
is that even store security guards
usually overlook women with big baby
bumps considering them no threat and
innocent by default scammers take
advantage of this and easily get away
with committing petty crimes like
pickpocketing or shoplifting but they're
not so petty when you're the victim
sometimes a woman who seems pregnant
will ask for help or pretend to feel
unwell so a kind-hearted individual
extending a helping hand may end up
finding that their wallet has gone
missing they can even get their
boyfriends husbands or friends involved
by distracting you with their acting
while their partner in crime grabs your
purse or slips their sticky fingers into
your pocket marks on your door if one
day you come home and notice some
graffiti or markings on your door or
house call the police immediately
even if it just looks like a teenage
Frank or a simple scratch it's better to
be safe than sorry
because burglars use certain marks to
tell other criminals different things
about your home for example something
resembling a Roman numeral two means
that the home owners are rich so the
place is a great target on the other
hand a crossed circle tells other
burglars that there's nothing valuable
to take from the house a long horizontal
rectangle divided into four parts means
the place has a big aggressive guard dog
a triangle divided into two parts by a
vertical line tells criminals to hit the
place only at night while a reversed one
says that a house or apartment is free
after dinner and something looking like
a combined a and K lets their fellow
burglars know that the house is always
full of people
scammers pretending to be victims
sometimes criminals can even pretend to
be your victims to do this they might
very carefully throw themselves at your
car is you back out of a parking spot or
something of the like
of course they won't be harmed since
they've been extremely cautious about it
but they'll put on a performance worthy
of an Oscar moaning and screaming and
pain or swearing that you've broken
their expensive cell phone or watch and
whatnot and of course they'll demand
money for it these scammers are so
sneaky about it that you won't even
understand that the accident wasn't your
fault the most important thing is to
keep a cool head and suggest calling the
police or 911 to sort everything out
upon hearing these words your victim
will have a sudden change of heart and
will probably make a swift escape
sweetheart scam people who tell you to
be careful when using online dating
sites and apps have plenty of reasons to
be so skeptical it usually happens like
this somebody nice starts writing you on
some dating site the two of you really
hit it off and you chat non-stop
everything seems peachy except for one
thing this person lives far away and you
just don't have any opportunity to meet
up at the moment after sometime your
online love interest writes to you about
some huge personal crisis they're having
or a horrible accident that's happened
to them it's usually something along the
lines of a pet relative or this person
themselves needs an unbelievably
expensive life-saving operation and they
can't afford it
the scammer of course humbly promises to
pay you back as soon as possible so
you're ready and willing to help them
out financially but as soon as you've
transferred the money you're online
sweetheart disappears and you never hear
from them again you unfortunately have
become victim of a scam that's why you
should be extremely cautious if somebody
you don't really know that well and have
never met in person asks you to send
them money
GPS tracker on your car
finally the last but certainly not least
dangerous scam is one that involves a
new generation of GPS trackers that
criminals attach to your car at first
these trackers were used by the police
military or special services with the
aim of following criminals and
terrorists but nowadays anybody can get
their hands on one of these devices
simply by purchasing one online these
GPS trackers are also called magno
trackers since they stick to your car
magnetically they attach themselves so
easily that criminals can throw these
things out their car window and onto
your vehicle as they pass you on the
highway some of them can even be shot
from special cannons criminals can use
these Magno gps's to stock their victims
and find out when they're at home or
work or wherever there was a case when a
jealous ex-husband was planning to
attack his ex-wife using the data he'd
been collecting from the tracker that
he'd secretly attached to her car
luckily the tracker was noticed by a
mechanic when the woman was having her
car serviced and it was removed before
anything bad happened to her what's even
scarier these GPS trackers can inform
criminals about your location even if
you're in another country so if you see
a tracker on your car be extremely
cautious if it's easy really noticeable
someone has probably thrown it out their
car window and is waiting for you to
pull over and get out to take it off and
it's at this moment when the bad guy
will try to attack and rob you or they
might wait until you get home to figure
out where you live on the other hand if
you find such a device and a hit in
place like underneath your car it's a
real cause for concern because criminals
are targeting you specifically so if you
find a magnetic tracker attached to your
car take it off in a totally random
place that's far from your home or work
and not even on the way to these
locations after you remove the tracker
take a picture of the device leave it on
the ground drive as far away as possible
and call the police
hopefully with this information law
enforcement will have a better chance of
catching those who use magno trackers
illegally do you know about any other
popular schemes tell us in the comments
below don't forget to click Subscribe to
stay on the bright side of life
you